Eat and drink well, okay?
I'll find you to drink later
Yo
Happy New Year, Master Huang
Happy Chinese New Year
Gong Xi Fa Cai
The ball is done.
Oh, dear.
Since Qin Ye came to the voyage
Your royal business is skyrocketing
Thriving
It's really enviable.
It doesn't matter if our royal family is good or not
The important thing is the bridge scum
The days are getting worse day by day
Did Master Fang hear?
His store hasn't opened yet.
Hmph, it looks like it's going to yellow soon.
Ouch, who let him offend Master Qin?
This is the end of offending Qinying
Don't tell me
It's New Year's Eve.
I do miss him
I don't know where he died.
He must have found a place to hide
Hahahaha, who said I was hiding?
bridge
This is the treasure for Master Qian tonight
Please hand it over to Master Qian
Who made you do it?
What do you mean?
Apparently it's a birthday dinner
You represent Oolong
Dare to stand with us
The bridge is my man
But Master Qin doesn't like him
Doesn't Miss Chen know?
Master Qin wants to kill him
Isn't it a gift?
Didn't you see it? Isn't it right here?
Here it is.